Automatic/README.md, before:

This section contains commands which are executed automatically whenever something is copied to clipboard.

### [Copy Clipboard to Window Tabs](copy-clipboard-to-windows-tab.ini)

Automatically adds new clipboard to tab with same name as title of the window where copy operation was performed.

### [Ignore Images when Text is Available](ignore-images-when-text-is-available.ini)

This is useful for ignoring cells copied as images from Microsoft Excel and LibreOffice Calc.

### [Import Commands after Copied to Clipboard](import-commands-after-copied.ini)

Shows notification allowing to easily import commands just copied to clipboard.

The copied text can be either link to a command on github or starts with `[Command]` or `[Commands]`.

Available in CopyQ v3.0.0.

### [Linkify](linkify.ini)

Creates interactive link from plain text.

### [Move Images to Other Tab](move-images-to-other-tab.ini)

Omits saving images in the first tab.
This can make application a bit more snappier since big image data won't need to be loaded when main window is displayed or clipboard is stored for the first time.

### Play Sound when Copying to Clipboard ([Windows](play-sound-when-copying-to-clipboard-windows.ini), [Linux](play-sound-when-copying-to-clipboard-linux.ini))

Following command will play an audio file whenever something is copied clipboard.

### [Show Copy Time](show-copy-time.ini)

Shows copy time of new items in tag.

Requires "Tags" plugin.

### [Show Window Title](show-window-title.ini)

Shows source application window title for new items in tag.

Requires "Tags" plugin.

### [Store Mouse Selections in Separate Tab](mouse-selections-tab.ini)

Stores Linux/X11 mouse selections in a separate tab.

### [Synchronize Clipboard with Other Sessions](synchronize-clipboard-with-other-sessions.ini)

Synchronizes clipboard with other application session running on different X11 servers.

### [Tab for URLs with Title and Icon](tab-for-urls-with-title-and-icon.ini)

For copied URLS tries to get web page title and icon and stores it with item in "url" tab.

Commit message:

Store and show copy time adjustments

Automatic/README.md, after:

This section contains commands which are executed automatically whenever something is copied to clipboard.

### [Copy Clipboard to Window Tabs](copy-clipboard-to-windows-tab.ini)

Automatically adds new clipboard to tab with same name as title of the window where copy operation was performed.

### [Ignore Images when Text is Available](ignore-images-when-text-is-available.ini)

This is useful for ignoring cells copied as images from Microsoft Excel and LibreOffice Calc.

### [Import Commands after Copied to Clipboard](import-commands-after-copied.ini)

Shows notification allowing to easily import commands just copied to clipboard.

The copied text can be either link to a command on github or starts with `[Command]` or `[Commands]`.

Available in CopyQ v3.0.0.

### [Linkify](linkify.ini)

Creates interactive link from plain text.

### [Move Images to Other Tab](move-images-to-other-tab.ini)

Omits saving images in the first tab.
This can make application a bit more snappier since big image data won't need to be loaded when main window is displayed or clipboard is stored for the first time.

### Play Sound when Copying to Clipboard ([Windows](play-sound-when-copying-to-clipboard-windows.ini), [Linux](play-sound-when-copying-to-clipboard-linux.ini))

Following command will play an audio file whenever something is copied clipboard.

### [Store Copy Time](store-copy-time.ini)

Store copy time of new items in tag.

To show the copied time the "Tags" plugin is required.

### [Show Window Title](show-window-title.ini)

Shows source application window title for new items in tag.

Requires "Tags" plugin.

### [Store Mouse Selections in Separate Tab](mouse-selections-tab.ini)

Stores Linux/X11 mouse selections in a separate tab.

### [Synchronize Clipboard with Other Sessions](synchronize-clipboard-with-other-sessions.ini)

Synchronizes clipboard with other application session running on different X11 servers.

### [Tab for URLs with Title and Icon](tab-for-urls-with-title-and-icon.ini)

For copied URLS tries to get web page title and icon and stores it with item in "url" tab.
