Global/README.md, before:

This section contains commands which can be executed with global/system shortcut
(even when the main application window is not active).

### [Copy a Secret](copy-a-secret.ini)

Copies (Ctrl+C) from current window without storing or showing the data in GUI.

### [Copy and Search on Web](copy-and-search-on-web.ini)

Copies currently selected text and opens selection menu to search the text on
some well-known websites. New search queries can be easily defined.

### [Copy Text in Image](copy-text-in-image.ini)

Takes screenshot of selected part of the screen and tries to recognize text.

Requires [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/download.html)
and [Tesseract](https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract/wiki/Downloads).

### [Cycle Items](cycle-items.ini)

Pops up the main window (if the shortcut is pressed once), cycles through items
(if the shortcut is pressed again) and pastes selected item when the shortcut
is released.

See: https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ/issues/1948

### [Cycle Items - Quick](quick-cycle-items.ini)

Like Cycle Items command but previews items to copy in popups without showing
the main window.

### [Disable Monitoring State Permanently](disable-clipboard-monitoring-state-permanently.ini)

Disables clipboard monitoring permanently, i.e. the state is restored when clipboard changes even after application is restarted.

### [Edit and Paste](edit-and-paste.ini)

Following command allows to edit current clipboard text before pasting it.

If the editing is canceled the text won't be pasted.

### [Paste Current Date and Time](paste-current-date-time.ini)

Copies current date/time text to clipboard and pastes to current window on global shortcut <kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>T</kbd>.

### [Paste Current Date and Time in ISO8601 Format](paste-current-date-time-in-iso-8601.ini)

Copies current date/time in ISO8601 format to clipboard, adds it to the clipboard history, and then pastes it to the current window.

### [Paste new UUID](paste-new-uuid.ini)

Generates a new RFC4122 version 4 compliant UUID, adds it to the clipboard history, copies it to the clipboard and pastes it to the current window.
Full credit for UUID generation code goes to Jeff Ward (jcward.com), link: https://stackoverflow.com/a/21963136/11820711

### [Quickly Show Current Clipboard Content](quickly-show-current-clipboard-content.ini)

Quickly pops up notification with text in clipboard using `Win+Alt+C` system shortcut.

### [Replace All Occurrences in Selected Text](replace-all-occurences-in-selected-text.ini)

### [Screenshot](screenshot.ini)

Take screenshot of the screen.

### [Screenshot Cutout](screenshot-cutout.ini)

Take screenshot of selected part of the screen.

### [Select Nth Item](select-nth-item.ini)

Quick shortcuts to activate items 0 to 9 (copy, move to top and paste depending
on preferences in History configuration tab).

### [Paste Nth Item](paste-nminus1th-item.ini)

Paste items 1-9 in history using ctrl+1 through ctrl+9 shortcuts.

### [Show Clipboard](show-clipboard.ini)

Shows notification with current clipboard content (text or image).

### [Snippets](snippets.ini)

Shows dialog with snippets to paste.

Snippets are loaded from "Snippets" tab. Item notes are used as snippet name.

Items can contain placeholders like:
- `${Name}` (default text is empty),
- `${Name:value}` (default text is "value"),
- `${Name:value1,value2,value3}` (default text is "value1"; allows to select from multiple values),
- `${Name:\n}` (multi-line text field).

When such snippet is selected, user is prompted to replace these placeholders with custom content.

To create your first snippet:

1. create "Snippets" tab (Ctrl+T),
2. add new item (Ctrl+N) with a snippet:

    You picked ${Fruit:apples,oranges,pears}!

3. set optional snippet name (Ctrl+F2), e.g. "Fruit".

Triggering the Snippets command (with a global shortcut) will show a simple
dialog where you can pick the snippet by its name.

To pick different tab name, you have to change the command's code.

    var snippetsTabName = '&Snippets'

### [Stopwatch](stopwatch.ini)

Restarts stopwatch and copies elapsed time since last started.

### [Toggle Clipboard Storing](toggle-clipboard-storing.ini)

Toggles clipboard storing/monitoring with global shortcut or from menu/toolbar.

### [Capitalize Selected Text for Titles](to-title-case.ini)

E.g. changes "Do androids dream of electric sheep?" to "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?".

### [Change Upper/Lower Case of Selected Text](toggle-upper-lower-case-of-selected-text.ini)

Toggles between upper- and lower-case letters in selected text.

### [Diff Latest Items](diff-latest-items.ini)

Compares two clipboard history items with your preferred diff tool.

The latest two items get compared when the command is run as a global command.
You can also run the command on any two items selected in the main window.

By default, this command launches [Beyond Compare 4](https://www.scootersoftware.com/download.php)
for doing the comparison.
You can find examples of launching other tools like [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/downloads) directly in the command's source code.

### [Convert Markdown to ...](convert-markdown.ini)

Converts text written in [Markdown syntax](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax)
to desired format, which can be for example:

* HTML
* [Jira markup](https://jira.atlassian.com/secure/WikiRendererHelpAction.jspa?section=all)
* JSON (AST) (JSON representation of the parsed text; useful rather for contributors than users)
* [LaTeX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaTeX)

The command can be run on any text selection via a global shortcut or over items selected
in the main window.

#### Installation

This script relies on the [mistletoe](https://github.com/miyuchina/mistletoe) project to do the
actual Markdown parsing and conversion.
This in turn requires that [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) is installed on the user computer.

See mistletoe's page linked above for the various possibilities of its installation.

For output format "HTML + code highlighting", an additional Python package needs to be installed:

    pip3 install pygments

### [Show Character Code](show-char-code.ini)

Shows Unicode code info for the first characters of any text. An example of how this looks like:

![Show Character Code Dialog](images/cmd_show-char-code.png)

Commit message:

Add Push/Pop Item commands

Global/README.md, after:

This section contains commands which can be executed with global/system shortcut
(even when the main application window is not active).

### [Copy a Secret](copy-a-secret.ini)

Copies (Ctrl+C) from current window without storing or showing the data in GUI.

### [Copy and Search on Web](copy-and-search-on-web.ini)

Copies currently selected text and opens selection menu to search the text on
some well-known websites. New search queries can be easily defined.

### [Copy Text in Image](copy-text-in-image.ini)

Takes screenshot of selected part of the screen and tries to recognize text.

Requires [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/download.html)
and [Tesseract](https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract/wiki/Downloads).

### [Cycle Items](cycle-items.ini)

Pops up the main window (if the shortcut is pressed once), cycles through items
(if the shortcut is pressed again) and pastes selected item when the shortcut
is released.

See: https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ/issues/1948

### [Cycle Items - Quick](quick-cycle-items.ini)

Like Cycle Items command but previews items to copy in popups without showing
the main window.

### [Disable Monitoring State Permanently](disable-clipboard-monitoring-state-permanently.ini)

Disables clipboard monitoring permanently, i.e. the state is restored when clipboard changes even after application is restarted.

### [Edit and Paste](edit-and-paste.ini)

Following command allows to edit current clipboard text before pasting it.

If the editing is canceled the text won't be pasted.

### [Paste Current Date and Time](paste-current-date-time.ini)

Copies current date/time text to clipboard and pastes to current window on global shortcut <kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>T</kbd>.

### [Paste Current Date and Time in ISO8601 Format](paste-current-date-time-in-iso-8601.ini)

Copies current date/time in ISO8601 format to clipboard, adds it to the clipboard history, and then pastes it to the current window.

### [Paste new UUID](paste-new-uuid.ini)

Generates a new RFC4122 version 4 compliant UUID, adds it to the clipboard history, copies it to the clipboard and pastes it to the current window.
Full credit for UUID generation code goes to Jeff Ward (jcward.com), link: https://stackoverflow.com/a/21963136/11820711

### [Push/Pop Items](push-pop-stack.ini)

A global shortcut to copy selected text/HTML/image as a new top item in "Stack"
tab and another shortcut to paste the top item and remove it from the tab.

See: https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ/issues/597

### [Quickly Show Current Clipboard Content](quickly-show-current-clipboard-content.ini)

Quickly pops up notification with text in clipboard using `Win+Alt+C` system shortcut.

### [Replace All Occurrences in Selected Text](replace-all-occurences-in-selected-text.ini)

### [Screenshot](screenshot.ini)

Take screenshot of the screen.

### [Screenshot Cutout](screenshot-cutout.ini)

Take screenshot of selected part of the screen.

### [Select Nth Item](select-nth-item.ini)

Quick shortcuts to activate items 0 to 9 (copy, move to top and paste depending
on preferences in History configuration tab).

### [Paste Nth Item](paste-nminus1th-item.ini)

Paste items 1-9 in history using ctrl+1 through ctrl+9 shortcuts.

### [Show Clipboard](show-clipboard.ini)

Shows notification with current clipboard content (text or image).

### [Snippets](snippets.ini)

Shows dialog with snippets to paste.

Snippets are loaded from "Snippets" tab. Item notes are used as snippet name.

Items can contain placeholders like:
- `${Name}` (default text is empty),
- `${Name:value}` (default text is "value"),
- `${Name:value1,value2,value3}` (default text is "value1"; allows to select from multiple values),
- `${Name:\n}` (multi-line text field).

When such snippet is selected, user is prompted to replace these placeholders with custom content.

To create your first snippet:

1. create "Snippets" tab (Ctrl+T),
2. add new item (Ctrl+N) with a snippet:

    You picked ${Fruit:apples,oranges,pears}!

3. set optional snippet name (Ctrl+F2), e.g. "Fruit".

Triggering the Snippets command (with a global shortcut) will show a simple
dialog where you can pick the snippet by its name.

To pick different tab name, you have to change the command's code.

    var snippetsTabName = '&Snippets'

### [Stopwatch](stopwatch.ini)

Restarts stopwatch and copies elapsed time since last started.

### [Toggle Clipboard Storing](toggle-clipboard-storing.ini)

Toggles clipboard storing/monitoring with global shortcut or from menu/toolbar.

### [Capitalize Selected Text for Titles](to-title-case.ini)

E.g. changes "Do androids dream of electric sheep?" to "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?".

### [Change Upper/Lower Case of Selected Text](toggle-upper-lower-case-of-selected-text.ini)

Toggles between upper- and lower-case letters in selected text.

### [Diff Latest Items](diff-latest-items.ini)

Compares two clipboard history items with your preferred diff tool.

The latest two items get compared when the command is run as a global command.
You can also run the command on any two items selected in the main window.

By default, this command launches [Beyond Compare 4](https://www.scootersoftware.com/download.php)
for doing the comparison.
You can find examples of launching other tools like [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/downloads) directly in the command's source code.

### [Convert Markdown to ...](convert-markdown.ini)

Converts text written in [Markdown syntax](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax)
to desired format, which can be for example:

* HTML
* [Jira markup](https://jira.atlassian.com/secure/WikiRendererHelpAction.jspa?section=all)
* JSON (AST) (JSON representation of the parsed text; useful rather for contributors than users)
* [LaTeX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaTeX)

The command can be run on any text selection via a global shortcut or over items selected
in the main window.

#### Installation

This script relies on the [mistletoe](https://github.com/miyuchina/mistletoe) project to do the
actual Markdown parsing and conversion.
This in turn requires that [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) is installed on the user computer.

See mistletoe's page linked above for the various possibilities of its installation.

For output format "HTML + code highlighting", an additional Python package needs to be installed:

    pip3 install pygments

### [Show Character Code](show-char-code.ini)

Shows Unicode code info for the first characters of any text. An example of how this looks like:

![Show Character Code Dialog](images/cmd_show-char-code.png)
